that means don't tell Bravo
come on son it's getting late
order of an hour until lights out oh
good drivers need their sleep I'd sure
like to take it for a test drive
I don't know why pom and flora are
talking about it looks finished to me
they worry too much but a great race car
driver needs to take a few risks
he needs to develop finely-tuned
reflexes
we told you the steering linkage needs
adjusting we also told you about the
brake calipers okay plain English they
make minor double-double
I think you two should go easy on this
stuff you want to tell me what's wrong
nothing okay if that's the way you want
it well I've been having a few problems
boy tell me about it I've got problems
too
say you're the Warthog brothers are we
better get back to watch this this is
brilliant you designed the perfect box
no it's not dad I didn't know Victor
don't be modest that's not something we
rhinos are known for genius you're a
chip off the old horn you get that from
my side of the family
well I did use some advanced design
principles but this this is well I'm not
sure what it is but sure you're being
modest again Victor you see this is our
chance to prove Rhino superiority your
chance to win the race
all set for the big race tomorrow
Alexander doesn't seem to be having much
fun
he's already wrapped a car twice father
yeah he's always getting in our way I
know that sometimes your brother is a
little of enthusiastic but you know
enthusiasm can be a valuable part of a
well-rounded team why don't you think it
over
I've never been one to blow my own horn
but it's not bad if I do say so myself
right Victor right then I can see it all
now the adoring friends Babar so who
wouldn't be you'll be the same color as
that's great dad but I'd rather drive
this car
hi guys what do you say Alexander you
guys really meeting of course I can't
wait actually met everyone
he's our secret weapon